I don't write long journal entries to remind myself of what happened already due to memory loss or becauase of a need to refresh myself every day or after I sleep. I do it because I am so used to being abused in ways that are unforgivable, and I need a way to keep track of details should I ever find legal help. The people who have in the past managed to realize that I am a human being and not an angel to exploit have been the ones that burned up all my sketchbooks or deleted all my files online, and I am tired of feeling like I have to shut up or else forfeit some kind of fun that I desperately need. At this point it has moved from need to deep rooted scars that make fun impossible, and it was never even possible to begin with  because of all of the interference. And when those people who thought they were not involved pull out and things come to a screeching halt or move at a snail's pace, how is that not the proof of how wrong that is?

This isn't the first time it has happened either. When it's my body I have faith in Jesus Christ to bind up the wounds behind the removal or purging that I do and fill in the blanks with what should be there. I believe that He does that as much as possible while still making sure there is something to hold those involved accountable. Because it is not acceptable to say that you can poison someone all you want to just to see what happens and then claim you are doing some kind of research. The argument of, "Well Jesus will heal him so it doesn't matter how much it hurts..." is never an acceptable argument any more than it is to say, "I can take his money because Jesus will just give him more..." or about any of the other ways that He tried. Since it turns out He does not in fact do that (and why would He when it would just turn someone into a vending machine for those who did not want to be or who could not be in His presence?) what has happened to me feels like people draining the worldly benefits of someone who really did pay that much into the karma bank and with God keeping up some kind of miraculous healing to keep me just barely alive?

How would He be able to put a stop to something like that without evidence, and how would there be any evidence possible if everyone got healed? The only way to deal with the situation, I guess, is to find the nicest person with the biggest heart and the highest threshold of pain and give the task to them because they would have the best chance of surviving long enough to understand something that is entirely focused on leaving Him out of it. Evidence doesn't mean my own documentation. Anything I know is added to His own files however He stores them. I don't know. But burning me and the things I write as a way to understand and avoid going crazy beyond what I can handle only hurts me and does not benefit anyone else. And trying to make me crazy or trying to make me sleep does not make me forget. It adds to my distrust and adds to my pain.

I don't think that the answer is to fix the problems by trying to correct it in some other way that adds to confusion instead of makes things more what they are.  I think that we are just supposed to let our yes be yes and our no be no. If someone asks you for sugar give them sugar. If they ask you for salt give them salt. If they ask you for xylitol and you don't think anyone should use xylitol then you should say that you don't feel right about giving them xylitol. Then they can tell you that it is good for protecting your teeth and you can learn something or still think it's bad. But don't give them xantham gum instead of xylitol. And don't add sugar to the xylitol. Just give them what they ask for and without expecting anything in return so that when you ask them for something it won't come with any strings either.

But this is me trying to be diplomatic again thinking that anyone else who might see this would actually be offended if I accused them of cheating me or just being an asshole which is often what my first impression is. But when I try to take the time to consider it from a helpful perspective and waste all that energy trying to ignore my reflex feelings of frustration and righteous indignation (which just means being pissed off about injustice in case it sounds like Iam claiming to be righteous which might result in more people thinking that they are clever in their need to make me think that their actions are the resasonwhy I talk about these things instead of them being real and widely discussed phenomenon if everyone would pull their head out of my ass for two seconds and look at the real world instead of this bizarre anomaly that is useless to study) and I still feel like there is some stupid reason for things being harder than they should be I am reminded of the futility in trying to fight back.

I am also reminded of that time years ago when I actually found someone with GHB for the first time in a long time. That was always my drug of choice, and it was the only thing I have ever found that just seemed to fix everything. But for some reason no one wanted to let me have any. Ever. Probably because it would be one more thing, and a big one, that would blow the cover on their attempt to use nitrous oxide to satisfy people's curiosity to know what that rare spiritual gift was really like. But that one night that I found some just happened to be the same night that some hellicopter needed to circle overhead and drive me crazy to the point that I could not even sit still without wanting to bash my head into the wall like that elephant that did that in a zoo because it was so depressed it killed itself. I finally had  found my precious relief from stress and isolation, but it was quickly crushed with about the biggest fuck you I could have received from the United States. So when all those DEA agents or NSA or whoever came along who seemed to be one step behind all the angels and demons and so confidently and arrogantlysuggested marijuana every chance they got,  it makes you wonder if they actually do that on purpose. Find someone nice and drive them to the point of kamikaze  elephant, take all of their own crimes and dump them on the innocent victim, spread those lies since they control everything, and when the victim is nicely primed into a tightly wound ball of anger and resentment, hit him with some more mind numbing sound waves from technology so invasice and painful and obscure that there is no way to talk about it to anyone so that all that anger is even more intensified. Then, put them in a truck and blow it up in front of a building and all of the sins of everyone who works at the Pentagon are wiped away. Who is going to stop them?

God. Not me, but Yahweh. Jesus Christ says, "Stop" but not to me. To you all. Because you are not remorseful unless you are at the disadvantage. Sorry  means nothing because I have seen how it quickly reverts to the same attempts to increase the pain and move forward with your plan every single time. But Jesus has always been in my heart even if not physically present, and He is the one who disarmed the land mines. He and His army of angels are the ones who disarmed the wiring you did to make my breaks go out so I only noticed a strange clicking sound but never lost control. He was the one who stopped the bullets from shattering the glass after you told the cartel that Iwas a child molester. And He was the one who turned your arsenic or cyanide or nuclear waste into methamphetamine like it was supposed to be. And He is the one who will come and take it all out of your arrogant and undeserving hands because He is the Faithful and True witness and Amethyst, my mother's birth stone, is not about recovery or rehab like you have done such a good job of putting out there. It is about truth. I mean, Ameth literally means truth so I don't know how that has been so hard for people to see. And my mother never smoked or drank anything her entire life. Don't come crying to me like you have been though, and Idon't give a shit about anyone's apologies. It's not in my hands and you better fucking hope Jesus Christ is nicer than the who used to be the nicest person in the world.

Some things are better to feed until they get so big that they destroy themselves from too much pressure or they get tired of focusing on and enjoying that one thing and move on to something else. Some times it's better to be gluttonous with sugar until you get sick of it because trying to go without just makes you crave it all the time. I experienced that once before when I was able to get any drug I wanted and was able to enjoy doing anything I wanted, and those were freedoms I was allowed because I was not a risk to others any more than I would have been without those freedoms. Then God came along at the right time and I was able to on my own desire seek Him because those other parts of my life felt like they were topped up. But circumstances were complicated, and I didn't know a lot of things that would have made it  easier to prevent ignoring those other parts of my life until it was too late.

So when it felt like I was being given another try to have fun and get that out of my system again, it was not anything to do with a need to be evil or whatever else that involved some things but not others. And it wasn't an invitation for anyone to follow along in the process as if I couldn't have fun without this or that. I didn't want God to go away because He was with me through it all before and that is one of the things that is confusing. I also know that I am a lot more damaged than I was before, so I'm not sure how to handle that. But I guess knowing what I know now it actually does make sense why I was always told to shut up about my past scars. Because otherwise it would be too difficult to hide my human nature which was not God's idea. It was the idea of those who tried to pull one over on Him.

What I can't tolerate though is taking the time to try to word this politely and then going to the store where someone in front of me at the register is making really direct and obnoxious comments about how the card reader didn't tell him what to do so he didn't know. That is the kind of BS that I have to deal with all day every day from all the mouthy little weasels around that think it's helpful to criticize and make fun of me like I am some kind of crazy person that deserves it when it is their behavior that does that. When writing it down is the only way I have to deal with it, then I am sorry if it sounds like the rantings  of a crazy person or requires someone to scold their dog for taking a dump as I pass by to tell me that's what this is. 

So what is the expectation? That I silently tolerate all of that while focusing on God? It's so simple when you say it like that. How stupid I am. So as soon as I calm down because I am still dealing with the rage from the same thing that happened a million times in the past and the anger in feeling like someone already said I blew it for today. And while all this negativity is flying at me day after day while there is absolutely nothing positive that comes at me that even comes close to making up for it, because human kindness shoudl be given and not compensation for being abused by angels or demons. But that's about all I have ever seen come out of this, and even that has often come with the expectation that I do something in return which makes it a drain instead of a help.

When people say they don't know what else they can do, it sets me off in a rage because the assumption that they did anything that actually made it to me is basically another way of saying that they ignored everything I said while humoring me and placating me and smiling and nodding and pretending that they understood like the guy who interrupted me during a Grindr conversation at the perfect time and did seem to be a good listener.
But then he ended up on some mission to give me some title of being employed and it felt like it was some techicality that 
Shut up, Gigglebox. I am not oblivious to the distractions that you keep throwing at me and keeping me from saying the one thing that is probably the most important. That when people say they don't know what else they can do, my answer isn't that they need to try more things. My answer is just that they need to make sure all the things that were already done made it to me instead of being intercepted by an irq interrupt right before reaching the processor. Or by pirates who camped out around me everywhere Iwent and strangely followed me around when Itried to get away from them.
And who usually were higher than a kite after any time I was crying out saying that my brain was suffocating and then made me jump through some horribly impossible hoops that I couldn't handle but had to suffer through because I had no choice in order to get just enough relief to last for maybe an hour before crashing hard. Meanwhile they're off doing the most ridiculous things being given every liberty imaginable and having all the things I was so desperate for just dumped on their doorstep for me to step over when I had no choice but to get what Ineeded from them.

You don't live through that and then just get over it. You don't tell someone who has been through that, "Oops!" or, "Well I don't know what else you expect," or "See? Whenever you are done and have learned your lesson then the pain will stop," or, "Are you done yet?" and after you all did those things AFTER already having destroyed me with the previously mentioned attempt to turn me into a terrorist which also failed, and when it actually has been only one person this whole time
with nerves of steel and a God Who can do amazing things but Who still has to make sure there is enough suffering to make a believable case against you all, then it's beyond me why the goal is still the same one that must be emblazoned on the seal of intelligence departments everywhere who got it directly from demons of Hell:

When you have the upper hand, destroy. When the statistics fall below your threshold, repent. As soon as they go back up, destroy. And never let them see you sweat. 

But in Latin maybe. 

Cum superiorem habes, dele. Cum sub tuo limine cadunt mutant, poenitentiam agunt. simulac recedunt, destruunt. Et numquam te sudor videant.

And underneat [\[sic\]](https://www.cakewrecks.com) that,

***

But the other things (ANDANOTHERTHING!! as Chad would say) is that when you are driven to the point of having this much to say, and then while you're typing it out on your screen to get it out of your head and feel like you have been heard at least somewhere so that if you die there will be some record of things in case Heaven really is confused about who you are, someone comes along and makes it seem like it is a response to what you've been bitching about for a long time but then they get close and see that right then you have started bitching about whoever they represent, and you 
then feel like they are responding with an offended reaction and they turn around and walk away as if to say, "Fine. If you're going to be all turncoat like that then no help for you. Go get it from them," then it's also another thing that is very horribly misunderstood.

I am not wishy washy. I am human. I do not know anything about government intelligence or the supernatural realm or how the cartel does business. I don't want to know at this point. I have done miraculous things, supposedly, that were so convincing that people thought I myself knew all about those things and then I became a security risk and had to be contained by all of the above and more I did not even mention. My allegiance is with no one but Jesus Christ, and that has always been the same. Beyond that anything I say or think about is just a whole lot of speculation because my mind is unable to process it and just goes around in circles trying to  make sense out of it all. It does that because
it does not have the necessary chemicals to calm down when it gets upset and the more I write the more I remember that happened and the more I remember how much I have overlooked which then does make me feel entitled and confident in my deserving something. But then I am reminded by all the people who mistake my criticism of someone else as a shift in allegiance who then cut me off again, and if you wait long enough as people tend to do it will eventually result in my getting so frustrated and angry that I will go running out the door in a huff and those peopl ewill get to keep the good stuff and will be saved from being caught. That has not been a problem for a while, but the game where you set everything up to  be stressful and require someone you know is gentle spirited to bust through a door and then have someone tell themthey just broke it right after the person outside told them to push harder because it was stuck


I really like the sound effects in the Linux Lite desktop though.
